# Assignment 2 Ray Casting

## Task
### Object
### Camera
#### Orthographic Camera
- An orthonormal basis (one point and three vectors)
- An image size (one floating point). 
  
- Constructor takes as input the center of the image, the direction vector, an up vector, and the image size. 
  - The input direction might not be a unit vector and must be normalized. 
  - The input up vector might not be a unit vector or perpendicular to the direction. It must be modified to be orthonormal to the direction. 
  - The horizontal vector of the image plane, is deduced from the direction and the up vector (hint: remember vector algebra and cross products). 
  
- The origin of the rays generated by the camera for the screen coordinates, which vary from (0,0) -> (1,1), should vary from:
  center - (size*up)/2 - (size*horizontal)/2  ->  center + (size*up)/2 + (size*horizontal)/2

The camera does not know about screen resolution. Image resolution should be handled in your main loop. For non-square image ratios, just crop the screen coordinates accordingly.


### Input 
Use the input file parsing code provided to load the camera, background color and objects of the scene.

Write a main function that reads the scene (using the parsing code provided), loops over the pixels in the image plane, generates a ray using your OrthographicCamera class, intersects it with the high-level Group that stores the objects of the scene, and writes the color of the closest intersected object.
Implement a second rendering style to visualize the depth t of objects in the scene. Two input depth values specify the range of depth values which should be mapped to shades of gray in the visualization. Depth values outside this range are simply clamped.

Extra credit: Write both the geometric and algebraic sphere intersection methods, add cylinders and cones, fog based on distance to the image plane, etc.